you guys have about six six nine for
today i'm going to be reviewing you love
to check and 305 minnie mouse travel
mouse i guess you caught your laptop
mouse on let's start bar so wat what
your tech and 305 and the logitech logo
right here got use your pads for your
best download scrolling around um here
you've got all your optical I and here's
off/on switch on it is and off and here
is a little button I like pop a flap up
and see push this up in this top piece
this piece falls off the top and in here
is a battery and this is called nano
it's called nano receiver because it's
like a tiny USB like it's like really
small like this is the only black part
is the only part it sticks in your
laptop it's like I'll show you guys here
put this in right here and that's how
much at stake so it's not that's like a
very little space um yeah in there and
you can just take this out when you're
not using it but I'll leave it in
because it's so tiny what if you decide
to put it in there you just put it in
this little space there you go other
things in there take this pop it back on
and yeah oh you got your left click
right click and you're scrolling and you
call that you're calling me all I guess
and when it's on little green light
comes up and logitech right here you can
get it and I think lots of different
styles listen is just like black and
white design and my sister
has a pink one with like a pink design
for girls and I think you can just get a
normal colors like just like plain
colors like bling pink and playing just
like playing colors and it's got right
here just got to rubber grips it was all
leather in the front the inside rubber
grips and grip while you're scrolling
and it's easy to grip up here so as you
can see it's like tiny this way but
right here it's got a big bump see got
you can can sit on it and I swear going
on your laptop and yeah that's pretty
much it for this logitech m305 know so i
guess um yeah i'd recommend this to you
guys actually got this for christmas on
side my acer my netbook um yeah it's a
great mouse for any laptop i guess you
wouldn't want this for your computer
your mac and pc is like food on at this
time of a mouse and besides it comes
with a magic mouse with your mac so so
uh so what's the point of getting tiny
one like this unless like a higher mouse
that comforts your hand better than the
magic plus it's really little to the
full profile i guess you could call it
anyways thanks guys i would like you to
rate comment subscribe it it helps me
out i hope you guys also like the new
camera quality it it's it's much better
than my opinion in my laptop and yeah
guys thanks